Professor Ilan Alon (Ph.D., Kent State University, USA) is a Strategy and International Marketing Professor at the University of Agder. Dean of the School of Economics at the College of Management, Israel (COLMAN). Before that, he also had research positions at Harvard University, Georgetown University (USA), and the University of International Business and Economics (China). Alon is a researcher in international business focusing on internationalization, modes of entry, political risk, cultural intelligence, and emerging markets.
Ilan Alon’s publications have appeared in the Harvard Business Review, Management International Review, International Business Review, Journal of International Marketing, and International Marketing Review. His books were published by Palgrave, Routledge, and McGraw-Hill, among other imprints. In addition to being a professor, Alon is the Head of International Affairs for the School of Business and Law at the University of Agder and leader of the Emerging Markets research group. He is also Editor-in-Chief of the International Journal of Emerging Markets and the European Journal of International Management. Ilan Alon has worked with government bodies, non-profit organizations, multinational companies, and international associations on various projects ranging from capacity development at the macro level to international business development at the firm or project level. Clients include USAID, illy, Darden, Disney, and others.
Institute of Human Capital (SGH Warsaw School of Economics) and Institute of Psychology (University of Gdańsk) would like to invite you to participate in the international conference entitled "Sustainable Human Resources Management – an International Perspective", which will be held on 24-25 April 2024.
The event will be conducted in the hybrid mode in English and Polish, with simultaneous translation.
During the conference, we will discuss the latest trends and challenges in sustainable workforce management, sharing the best solutions. 
The event will create a space for the exchange of opinions, experiences and good practices in the area of sustainable HRM both between researchers and representatives of companies and organizations, executives, HR managers and employee development specialists.
CIVICA brings together ten leading European higher education institutions in the social sciences, humanities, business management and public policy, with a total of 72,000 students and 13,000 faculty members. Together, they build on an ever-stronger combination of teaching, research and innovation to mobilise and share knowledge as a public good and to facilitate civic responsibility in Europe and beyond.
The SGH membership in CIVICA alliance is a new level of our international academic cooperation. It brings innovative educational and civic engagement opportunities to our students. They will have a chance to complete additional international exchanges as well as special teaching projects conducted jointly with CIVICA universities.